well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
a class a debate and a final exam
because the United States is at that
final exam right now we've been given a
course a class in self-governance and
how important it is we've received the
class and now we're at the point of the
final exam there's been a big debate
among people of my ideological bent the
whole time this is going on because
we're watching with utter fascination
one of the key beliefs is that good
ideas don't require force and that you
can lead your life better than somebody
in DC or your state capital or whatever
that's one of the core beliefs and
obviously some of the measures like
lockdowns they fly in the face of that
and this has been a debate that has a
even the people that are behind the
scenes on this channel have been engaged
in because the lockdown is force good
ideas don't generally require force
however not having lockdown in place
means that people have to go out to go
to work because if they don't they're
gonna be thrown out on the street and
that's a type of force it's coercion so
there's that catch-22 because the system
we live in is very different than the
idea ideology we want so that debate has
raged and you've probably heard me say
we don't need lockdown orders because
you should don't have to do it yourself
we've reached that point there's a whole
bunch of places reopening there are a
whole bunch of places where the
government is now saying yes it's okay
to go out is it people keep saying we
want to return to normal I'm gonna go
ahead and give you a cheat sheet for the
exam there is no return to normal
until we have an effective reliable
available treatment or vaccine there's
no return to normal until that point
just because the government opens
everything back up doesn't mean it's
time to rush out to the mall
you still need to social distance you
still need to limit your exposure you
still need to do all this stuff the
class started when Trump said one day
it'll disappear like a miracle it'll be
gone and it kind of ended when he
admitted that if we keep it under a
hundred thousand that's pretty good
that's where we're at you have to lead
yourself at this point yeah some of you
are going to be forced coerced into
going back to work locations that are
probably unsafe where you run a much
higher risk of being exposed because we
don't have a system that empowers the
individual we don't have a system with a
baseline that allows people the freedom
to truly choose without coercion there
is always the implied force the poverty
that can come crashing down at any
moment if you don't play by the system's
rules
so with these locations a lot of them
that are opening up
they don't even meet the president's
week agai blinds you know have two weeks
of decline they don't meet that some of
them are at their peak and they're
reopening they don't care
those in d.c those in your state capitol
generally do not care about you you are
a number and what matters is can they
keep the number of lost below the number
that is going to impact the real action
that's it that's it generally speaking
that's all they care about you have to
decide where you're gonna be at yeah
a lot of people are now gonna have to go
to work they have to they're being
forced to but that doesn't mean that you
have to take other risks you still need
to social distance you still need to
limit your exposure you still need to do
what you can to slow the spread there
are going to be losses until there is an
effective available reliable treatment
or vaccine you have to do what you can
to make sure you're not one of them
an educated populace is one of those
things that the United States has to
develop a populace with critical
thinking skills if we had that we
wouldn't be so accepting of our Senators
and Representatives Belling out large
companies their friends every time
something goes wrong and leaving
everybody at the bottom twisting in the
wind that seems pretty basic but the
American people can't unite behind that
because they're too busy playing
elephant and donkey we have to look out
for each other those of the working
class those who generally get forgotten
because we can't afford lobbyists have
to look out for each other you and me we
have to lead ourselves because we don't
have leadership we have rulers and they
decided that a whole lot of people are
acceptable losses anyway it's just a
thought yeah I have a good day